## Specification of directories (as naming is confusing)

 - Image/ - is the directory where I will be adding new datasets to. It is structured by the sets of images I have taken (in different places, etc.
  - If this is updated, MIA must be rerun, updating the annotations, and then the GenMask.py or GenMaskSimple.py scripts must be run.
 - images/ - This is a configuration of the images where each image is stored in it's own same named grandparent folder, with two folders inside that specifying mask and image placement. This is generated by GenMask.py, and unfortunately not super useful for my application.
 - original_images_concat - rather than spliiting on images, split on image and mask, so there are two folders only inside. This is used for the Simple training of the torchvision segmentation network.
 - via_custom_annotations... - provides supporting project documents for reloading current annotations and images into the VIA tool.
 - via_install - the base folder containing VIA scripts
 - maskGen.py - slightly modified version of the project from https://towardsdatascience.com/generating-image-segmentation-masks-the-easy-way-dd4d3656dbd1 which fixes a few issues with mask channels and dimensions (existing architecture assumed constant  square image size). This creates the image dataset in images/.
 - maskGenSimple.py - same as maskGen.py, but formats outputs differently and in simple_image_config/ rather than images/.
 - user_segment.py - depreciated self-coded segmentor. Idea was to use this to open an image, draw a mask, and save the mask. I found VIA before this was developed.
